---
url: https://admissions.fiu.edu/cost-and-aid/scholarships/
site: admissions
crawled_at: 2025-05-12T15:13:19.110305
title: Exhibitors | FIU International ACAC 2023
---

# https://admissions.fiu.edu/cost-and-aid/scholarships/

[ Close ](https://admissions.fiu.edu/iacac2023/schedule/exhibitors/)
##### Search this website
# Exhibitors
Below you will find information about the **IACAC 2023 exhibitors**.
**4Schoolers**
4Schoolers offers a wide variety of services to students at all stages of their educational journeys. We help students who are looking to stop struggling with their most difficult subjects in school and others who want to excel and pursue International academic competitions. We also offer exploratory classes and industry exposure to help students find their passions. Helping both domestic and international students, we have experience with the admissions process for private schools as well as undergraduate and graduate schools.
**AEO Tour**
Since 1986, AEO Tour has connected 420+ US universities and colleges with international students in East & Southeast Asia through in-person school visits, public fairs, and virtual events.
**AirConcepts USA**
Shipping isn't simple; working with us is. Your dedicated account manager and support team will handle all the details involved in getting your documents and packages to their destinations smoothly and on time. Success for over 35 years! 645 SE Central Parkway | Stuart, FL 34994-3984 
**ArborBridge**
ArborBridge is pioneering 21st-century, online academic tutoring and standardized test prep to meet the demands of an ever-changing world. We know that today’s students are digital natives. And with that in mind, every step of the way, we’ve integrated new technologies and innovative algorithms to develop the most efficient and effective one-on-one tutoring in the world. Our digital platform means we can match students with passionate, talented instructors from thousands of miles away. And whether you’re a student-athlete or the star of the school play, our highly interactive online programs empower students to learn and prepare around even the most demanding schedules—at virtually any time of day or night. The future of tutoring and test prep is ArborBridge.
**BMI GlobalEd (BMI - THE)**
Informed by over 50 years of advising and engaging the higher education community, Times Higher Education (THE) and BMI organize the leading global events for international school counselors. Through millions of data points collected from its renowned World University Rankings, THE is in an unparalleled position to share insights with counselors around the world. This, combined with BMI’s events expertise and university networks, means the two organizations can provide counselors with unique professional development and networking opportunities.
THE/BMI organize International Schools Workshops and Forums across the world – including regional events in Latam, the Middle East & Asia as well as a Global Event in London. This year, THE/BMI are collaborating with leading training organization Common Purpose to produce a unique 12-module course to enable counselors globally to become a “THE Accredited Counsellor” status. Driven by a global advisory board, the THE Counselors Accreditation Program (THE CAP) course has been developed “by counselors for counselors”, and will be available entirely free of charge. Counselors can become accredited by participating in THE/BMI in-person events, online, or take a blended approach.
**Branta Collegey**
Collegey.com is a platform for high school and college students to make informed decisions about their education and career paths through experiential learning projects. It provides impact projects and programs aligned with the UN's SDGs, peer-to-peer mentoring, educational roadshows, and industry mentors. It also supports the professional development and growth of high school counselors and principals through global fly-in programs. International students also participate in Collegey tours to visit colleges and interact with other education and entrepreneurial professionals from around the world.
**BridgeU**
BridgeU is the trusted guidance partner to international schools in 140 countries. We help universities achieve their international enrolment and diversity goals by fostering direct connections with the largest community of international schools and students.
**Cambridge Assessment International Education**
Cambridge International, part of the University of Cambridge, is the world's largest provider of education programs for students in grades K-12. We operate in over 10,000 schools in more than 160 countries including in the US. High school students can take college-level Cambridge International AS & A Level courses and exams, or attain the Cambridge AICE Diploma, to earn college credit or advanced placement from participating colleges and universities.
**Cambridge C1 Advanced**
Cambridge University Press & Assessment is the global expert on English language teaching, learning and assessment.
Cambridge English Qualifications, including B2 First, C1 Advanced and C2 Proficiency, are the world’s most trusted exams and tests for higher education admissions, progression and graduation. Our in-depth exams provide proof of high-level achievement, with the language skills needed for success at university and beyond.
Over 25,000 higher education institutions, employers and governments worldwide accept our qualifications and tests. They are welcomed widely for admissions across the US, including at MIT, Yale, Harvard, Stanford, Columbia, Johns Hopkins and more.’
**Cialfo**
Cialfo is a leading platform connecting students, higher education institutions, counselors, and parents through technology-driven solutions. More than 250,000 students from over 100 countries attending 1,600 leading international high schools use Cialfo to dream, plan and achieve their goals. Higher education institutions leverage Cialfo's solutions to attract and engage diverse, international, and qualified potential students.
**Concourse Global Enrollment, Inc.**
Concourse is an online platform where universities apply for students, flipping the script on traditional admissions. The company's mission is to increase access to higher education by making admissions simpler, student-centric, and more equitable. Concourse's radical reinvention of the process creates more opportunities for students, reduces counselor workload, supports secondary schools in their university guidance process, and gives universities powerful software tools to diversify and globalize their incoming classes.
**Council of International Schools**
The Council of International Schools (CIS) is a membership community committed to high quality international education. Our CIS community includes more than 1400 schools and universities, representing 121 countries. As a global non-profit membership organization, CIS provides services to primary and secondary schools and higher education institutions. For university guidance counselors and university admissions/recruitment professionals, CIS offers student recruitment events and resources to help connect students to CIS member universities. CIS also offers professional development events and programming to provide learning and networking opportunities for those who support students on their transition from secondary school to university.
**Duolingo English Test**
The Duolingo English Test is an innovative and accessible English proficiency assessment for today's international students and institutions. Digital-first and learner-first, the test is available online, on demand, all while using subject matter experts and AI to ensure it is reliable and secure. Join more than 4,500 universities and programs that use the test to make faster and more informed admission decisions.
**EdPrograms**
EdPrograms is a social enterprise established to promote international education through university admissions tours in South Asia and Africa and short-term student immersion programs hosted at multiple institutions across the U.S., Turkey, Qatar & Spain.
**GEC Academy**
GEC Academy is a Beijing-based organization founded by Ivy League alumni, in cooperation with the world's top university professors and researchers, international educators and counselors, and leading education and technology innovators. Headquartered in Beijing, GEC currently has 8 regional offices across China and 14 representative offices across the globe. GEC Academy provides an enriched variety of project-based learning (PBL) programs, both online and onsite that have helped countless students get ahead. Our unparalleled teaching methods help participants prepare for the next step in their careers and broaden their horizons. Our course offering is unmatched and is created for individuals or groups of all ages and academic levels.
**Gen Next Education, Inc.**
Since 2010, Gen Next Education has provided universities comprehensive support to enhance global student recruitment efforts through in-person recruitment trips, online virtual events, and professional development and networking opportunities. Through an integrated, effective, and affordable suite of services, we will connect you with students, parents, and counselors around the world - in-person or virtually. Our small-group tours give you the chance to build meaningful connections, while our connectED virtual platform will keep you engaged without leaving home! Come by our table to explore more!
P.S. Ask us about g2 - globalED gathering.
**IC3 Movement**
The International Career and College Counseling (IC3) Movement is a global effort to establish career and college counseling in every school. Our mission is for young people to get the support they need for purpose and direction in their lives. In collaboration with leaders across high schools, universities, educational organizations and industry, IC3 aims to cultivate learning, networking, and professional development for the community through events and initiatives that sensitize, elevate, and develop the career and college counseling profession. Since 2016, IC3's initiatives have witnessed participation from educators from 90+ countries and have directly impacted more than 2,800 high schools globally that are serving more than 1.3 million high school students.
**IELTS USA**
IELTS is the world’s #1 English language test. For more than 30 years we’ve set the standard for testing, helping millions of test takers and thousands of organizations to get results they can trust. If you work in an English-speaking country, use English with international colleagues, or teach courses in English, IELTS sets you and your team up for success. IELTS has a well-earned reputation for fairness, reliability, and exacting standards and is subject to the highest quality controls, enhanced security procedures, and integrity management practices. IELTS tests are based on decades of rigorous academic research and more than 11,000 organizations worldwide trust IELTS, including 3,400 US institutions. IELTS offers multiple test types, in both computer-delivered and paper-based formats, assessing English language skills in listening, reading, writing, and speaking, including IELTS Academic, General Training, UK Visa and Immigration (UKVI), and UK Life Skills.
**InitialView**
With the rise of ChatGPT, hearing the student’s actual voice has never been more important.
InitialView's interviews, conducted by former admissions officers, help students stand out in the college application process. Our counselor tools provide high-achieving international high schools with a human-focused way to demonstrate the excellence of their students and curriculum. For admissions officers at selective colleges, our interviews are often what seals the deal for an applicant.
More than ever, a decision requires a conversation.
**International Baccalaureate Organization**
About International Baccalaureate Founded in 1968 the International Baccalaureate (IB) is a non-profit foundation, which offers four high quality and challenging educational programmes for a worldwide community of schools. For over 50 years, IB programmes have gained a reputation for their rigor and high academic standards, for preparing students for life in a globalized 21st century, and for helping to develop citizens who will create a better, more peaceful world. Currently, more than 1,5 million IB students attend over 5000 schools in 158 countries. To learn more, please visit .
**INTO University Partnerships**
INTO University Partnerships helps students from around the world achieve their dream of studying overseas at a world class university. With over 18 years of experience, we have over a 90% success rate with the placement and progression of thousands of international students to a degree program. We partner with leading universities to offer Academic English, Pathway, and Direct Entry programs. In the US, we partner with Oregon State University, George Mason University, Drew University, University of Alabama Birmingham, Saint Louis University, Suffolk University, Illinois State University, and Hofstra University. For the UK, we offer programs to University of East Anglia, Newcastle University, University of Exeter, Manchester Metropolitan University, University of Manchester, University of Stirling, and Queen's University, as well as to Australia at the University of Western Australia. Please come by our booth to see how we can help your students pursue a degree at one of our leading university partners or visit us at .
**JCT4Education**
JCT4Education is an independent educational counseling and college planning service working with individuals and families to promote sound educational choices and assistance with secondary school placement, academic summer programs, undergraduate and graduate university applications. We are located in South Florida and work with students in the US and abroad. Planning services include high school curriculum planning, referrals for psychological testing, guided research on careers and majors, building college lists, and campus visit advice. Application services include help with managing forms and deadlines, preparation for interviews, and assistance with scholarship applications. Our international specialization includes comprehensive guidance for international and US students applying worldwide, arranging tests of English skills, and planning for international financial requirements.
**KIC UnivAssist**
KIC UnivAssist supports higher education institutions and high school counselors worldwide through unique programs that are geared toward developing and implementing international engagement, so that students around the world can find the right-fit higher education institution. For global universities, our goal is to help create and maintain a comprehensive, international engagement plan through student recruitment, in-country representation, digital marketing and consulting. Our connections in 70+ countries around the world make us uniquely qualified to meet your institution's needs. For high schools around the world, our goal is to help counselors advise their students on how to choose the right-fit university through resources including college visits to your school, virtual WebiFair events, advising sessions, specialized workshops and counseling forums. Our relationship with 370+ global universities ensures that we can connect counselors to the best universities for their students.
**MaiaLearning**
MaiaLearning is a college and career readiness platform that helps counselors connect students to thriving futures through student engagement, planning, and well-being. MaiaLearning puts students at the center, finding their passions and planning to achieve their dreams.
**Meto**
Meto is a mission-driven nonprofit organization that exists to increase access to higher education for international students. Originally designed for African students, Meto now serves international students across the globe. Fundamentally, Meto is an online "meeting place" where students connect with universities in an impactful, efficient manner. Meto's method is to reverse the traditional university-finding process: instead of students bearing the burden of identifying good-fit universities, Meto's platform allows students to be approached by good-fit universities. Admission reps review student profiles based on academic, financial, and any other criteria that matter to their university. Meto then connects universities with their students of interest, allowing good-fit connections to happen without the need for travel across the globe.
**National Student Leadership Conference**
The NSLC hosts career-focused leadership development conferences each summer for outstanding middle and high school students from all over the world. We provide opportunities to test drive a future career, develop critical leadership skills, hear from distinguished professionals, and experience life on a U.S. college campus, preparing students for their next steps in life while making new friends from across the globe. Fields of study include Medicine; Business; Engineering; Aerospace; Biotechnology; Psychology & Neuroscience; Game Design; Data Science; Architecture; International Diplomacy; Law; Forensic Science; Marine Biology; Film Production & Scriptwriting; Journalism; Digital Arts & Design; Theater; and many more!
**Navitas University Pathways**
Navitas delivers foundation and international year one programs on the campuses of 33 public universities globally - providing international students with an academically and socially supportive environment to start their Bachelor's degree on their new campus, while still benefiting from everything the campus has to offer. We are on campuses in the UK, Canada, Netherlands, Germany, Australia, UAE, Singapore, New Zealand and the USA.
**Pearson English Assessments**
PTE Academic is an international computer-based test of academic English that effectively measures the English language skills of non-native English speaking students. Using 20 innovative test items, PTE Academic is the most accurate way to measure the academic listening, speaking, reading and writing skills of international applicants.PTE Academic was created in response to demand for a more accurate, objective, secure and relevant test of English. This has been achieved through features such as innovative test design, use of automated scoring technology, and test delivery at professional test centers equipped with state-of-the-art biometrics, or via online remote proctoring via Pearson OnVue. Details on how PTE Academic provides institutions/organizations with an English test they can trust can be found at: 
**Pioneer Academics**
The Pioneer Research Program is a global virtual research institute selecting interest-driven high-achieving high school students to conduct research that meets the highest standards of undergraduate level work. These studies culminate in a full-length research paper certified by Pioneer. Since 2012, over 7,000 students from 77 countries and regions have participated in the program. Whether in STEM, social sciences, or humanities, Pioneer bestows broad institutional research resources on its scholars including one-on-one professor mentorship, an unparalleled academic system, online undergraduate libraries, and the global Pioneer alumni network.
**Revolution Prep**
For over 20 years, Revolution Prep has transformed the lives of millions of students. A leader in inclusive, online tutoring from academics to test prep to executive function, Revolution Prep accelerates learning while reducing student stress. We encourage confidence and success through a growth mindset approach that leads to better grades, higher test scores, and critical skills that transcend the classroom.
**Rise**
Rise is a program that finds promising young people and provides them opportunity as they work to serve others. An initiative of Schmidt Futures and the Rhodes Trust, Rise is the anchor program of a $1 billion commitment from Eric and Wendy Schmidt to find and support global talent.
**SimplED International Education Pvt. Ltd.**
SimplEd connects university professionals with college counselors and students through our strategically designed smart tours. We offer tours in India, Pakistan, the Middle East, MENA, Latin America, Central America, and Southeast Asia.
**Slate by Technolutions**
Slate by Technolutions is the only CRM purpose-built for higher education to support the evolving needs of modern admissions/enrollment management, student success, and advancement through outreach, travel management, online applications, online reading, and more. Slate is trusted by a community of more than 1,700 colleges and universities and 350,000+users.
**SpanTran: The Evaluation Company**
SpanTran is a NACES-member evaluation agency based in New York City with offices in Miami and Houston. We provide foreign transcript evaluations, document verification, and translation services for individuals seeking admission to U.S. colleges and universities. We partner with institutions that need evaluations to make it easier, more streamlined, and more affordable to obtain evaluations. For colleges using Slate by Technolutions, we also offer an out-of-the-box integration for even more seamless delivery of evaluations.
**Summer Discovery & Summer Institute for the Gifted**
Summer Discovery is the leading pre-college academic enrichment summer program for middle and high school students. For over 40 years, students from around the world have invested in their educational future, by attending one of our on-campus programs in partnership with some of the most prestigious universities in the US and the UK. Students discover their academic potential and explore potential college majors through over 300+ courses in 9 subject areas, with the guided support of our trained and dedicated team of professionals. Career exploration and the development of 21 st Century skills are an integral part of the program along with the opportunity to make new friends through social and extracurricular activities and excursions. Learn more at .
**Sunrise International Education**
Sunrise International supports university admissions marketing in China. We host recruitment tours of tier 2 and 3 cities, China's emerging outbound student markets for undergraduate and graduate programs. We support overseas universities in creating Chinese websites, Chinese social media accounts, and managing advertising campaigns on Chinese digital platforms such as Wechat, Weibo, Douyin, Baidu and others. CampusXR, our VR/AR brand, creates virtual campus tours and 3D holographic marketing materials for our partners, facilitating deeper engagement with prospective students and reducing the environmental impact of print marketing.
**The Common Application**
Common App is a non-profit membership organization dedicated to students and those who support them as they make their way through the college selection and application process. Our mission began over 40 years ago and today we provide a centralized way to apply to over 1000 institutions around the world. We continue to be driven by the pursuit of access, equity, and integrity in the college admission process and we won't stop until all students see college as a viable option and enjoy the opportunities it offers.
**Udentity**
Udentity () is an education technology platform that makes international outreach effective, accessible and greener. Udentity connects students in Asia with universities and colleges overseas through online events and virtual fairs. We have expanded into social media and campaign management for China and Vietnam, to maximize digital and hybrid outreach for our higher education institution partners. Today, we are a trusted platform for over 600 higher education institutions globally, as well as representatives at more than 480 schools across Asia.
**Unifrog Education Ltd**
Unifrog is an international online platform used by over 3000 schools to help students find and apply to the best colleges and universities for them around the world, with bespoke search tools for the USA, Canada, Europe, the UK, the Middle East and Africa, Australasia, and Asia. The platform also helps students create brilliant applications and think about what career path might be right for them (and how to get there!). For counselors, Unifrog helps to manage the entire application process, from giving feedback on CommonApp essays, to gathering letters of recommendation and tracking university applications, as well as seamlessly submitting documents to Universities and Colleges directly through our Parchment and CommonApp links.
**Wren International**
Wren Tours is the premier provider of international recruitment tours in Europe, Middle East, Latin America, Asia and Africa. University lead and professionally managed. Over 26 years providing recruitment tours for CIS, CTCL, CCAA and now directly to universities.

