# [University Police Department ](https://police.fiu.edu/ "University Police Department | FIU")
[Silent Witness Form](https://police.fiu.edu/silent-witness/)
# Welcome
The Florida International University Police Department (FIUPD) is proud to be a partner in the University’s commitment to providing an environment that fosters the goals of education and research. The FIUPD is committed to providing a safe environment that furthers these goals.
Florida International University (FIU) is located within a major metropolitan area. As such, we have the potential to experience many of the same crime issues of any major city. The FIUPD employs a Community Oriented Policing approach to problem solving and works diligently to prevent and investigate criminal activity, providing for a safe flow of vehicle and pedestrian traffic, and finding solutions to the issues that affect our students, our faculty, and our staff.
Key to our approach to problem solving is our partnership with the FIU community. Everyone must do their part to prevent crime. Our officers respond to reported crime, requests for assistance, and organize major events; but equally important is our involvement with our FIU partners. FIUPD provides crime prevention and safety information via our Campus Security and Fire Safety Report, presentations by our officers, Campus Safety Walks, and interactions with the FIU community. A copy of our Campus Security and Fire Safety Report can be obtained on our website or at our station.
Sincerely, **Alexander D. Casas, Chief of Police** _Florida International University Police Department_
